Dagger
Longsword
Buckler
Plate Armor
Leather Armor
Thief Idol
Berserker Stone
Great Axe
Nibbles, the House Cat
Priestly Vestments
Rapier
Hammer
Well-Crafted Boots
Assassin Gloves
Spiffy Hat
Sack Lunch
Embarrassing Drawings
Some Self-Esteem
Miniature Mother-in-Law
Elven Nutcracker
Vorpal Sword
Yoga Pants
Book of Mormon
Gladius, Fair Broadsword.
Picked up a Dagger. The small blade glints faintly in the torchlight.
Picked up a Longsword. You feel a sense of dread emanating from the cold steel.
Picked up a Buckler. The laughably small surface area could be useful if implemented well.
Picked up Plate Armor. The weight of this armor falls on your back as if you were Atlas himself.
Picked up Leather Armor. The material may be of little protection, but it doesn’t matter if you can move like the wind.
Picked up Thief Idol. The small wooden doll strikes fear so deep into your heart that it blesses you with the reflexes of a cat.
Picked up Berserker Stone.The harder you clench this stone, the more a bloodthirsty, uncontrollable rage consumes you.
Picked up a Great Axe. The truly strong fear not the wounds of battle, for it is they that inflict them.
Picked up Nibbles, the House Cat. This little cat fills you with determination. Maybe it’s the little helmet that does it.
Picked up Priestly Vestments. The fabric vibrates with a lifeblood so old that it had no need to survive; it thrived.
Picked up a Rapier. The stark, cold needle whips through the air as if it were made of nothing.
Picked up a Hammer. It may not be the most legendary of weapons but smashing skulls can sure make you feel legendary.
Picked up Some Well-Crafted Boots. A spring in your step, a whistle to your tune.
Picked up Assassin Gloves. The leather gloves are softer than a baby’s bottom, and more silent than an owl in flight.
Picked up a Spiffy Hat. It doesn’t offer much, but it sure does lift your spirits.
Picked up a Sack Lunch. Roast beef! Nice!
Picked up Some Embarrassing Drawings. The forbidden texts were not meant to be seen by anybody… but the day has come.
Picked up Some Self-Esteem. The secret to being strong is to love oneself.
Picked up Your Miniature Mother-in-Law. While her nagging may strengthen your resistance to insults, her words scar you nonetheless.
Picked up Elven Nutcracker. A small silver nutcracker. Intricately carved in the Elven language.
Picked up Vorpal Sword. A needle so fast, it snaps loudly in the wind.
Picked up Yoga Pants. While they will not protect you in any way, they are very comfortable.
Picked up Book of Mormon. A book about inheriting your own planet from an all-powerful deity. You read it but aren’t sure if you really gained anything.
Picked Up Gladius, Fair Broadsword. A broadsword of peerless craftsmanship.